magento/devdocs#: Docs: Add documentation for related/upsell/crosssell products (DEVELOP) (#4986)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.3/graphql/queries.md

}
```

The query returns 14 items.

> #### Retrieve related products, Up-sells and Cross-sells 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Retrieve related products, up-sells and cross-sells 
```

Author: **fixed**

> The following query shows how to get related products, Up-sells and Cross-sells for the particular product:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following query shows how to get related products, up-sells, and cross-sells for a specific product:
```

Author: **fixed**

Thank you, @keharper !
